q-1 Which of the following Ansible modules support free_form parameter?
A-1 command

Q-2 Does Ansible support idempotancy?
A-2 Yes

Q-3 Which of the following commands we can use to see the information about Ansible modules from command line?
A-3 ansible-doc

A-4 Which Ansible module is used in the following playbook?

---
- hosts: localhost
  become: yes
  become_user: root
  tasks:
    - name: create user
      user:
        name: admin

A-4 user

Q-5 Which of the following statements are true about lineinfile Ansible module?


A. It only adds the given line in file if that line doesn't exist in that file.


B. It adds the given line in file even if that line already exists in that file.


C. It replaces all existing lines in the file with a new given line.


D. It keeps the existing lines as well and add a new given line in the file.

A-5 D & A

Q-6 What are Ansible system modules used for?


A. System modules are basically used to create/update files and directories.


B. System modules are actions to be performed at a system level such as modifying the users and groups on a system, modifying iptables, starting/stopping the service etc.


C. System modules are used to execute commands or scripts on a system.


D. System modules are used to install and setup packages on a system.

A-6 B

q-7 our organization uses a proprietary cloud service that is not natively supported by Ansible. You need to develop a custom Ansible module to interact with this cloud service's API and provision resources.


Which type of the Ansible plugins allows you to integrate with a cloud provider's API for custom resource provisioning?


a. Connection Plugin

b. Lookup Plugin

c. Module Plugin

d. Action Plugin

A-7 C

Q-8 You've developed a custom module named custom_cloud. 
To test this module in a playbook named deploy.yml, which of the following task definitions is correct? 

A-8 
- name: Provision custom cloud resource
  custom_cloud:
    param1: value1
    param2: value2

Q-9 You are tasked with setting up an Ansible playbook that automates the deployment of applications on AWS ec2 instances. 
Before running the playbook, you need to ensure that Ansible has an up-to-date inventory of all ec2 instances in your AWS account.


Which type of Ansible plugin would you use to fetch real-time information about your AWS ec2 instances?


a. Lookup Plugin

b. Filter Plugin

c. Callback Plugin

d. Dynamic Inventory Plugin  -- Right Ans

Q-10 You have a custom dynamic inventory script named aws_inventory.py. 
Which command would you use to list all hosts in your AWS inventory using this script?

A-10 ansible-inventory --list -i aws_inventory.py

Q-11 You are tasked with finding a collection in Ansible that provides modules specifically designed for managing Cisco IOS devices.
Using the Modules & Plugins Index, which of the following collections is best suited for this purpose?

A-11 cisco.ios

Q-12 Which of the following is not a common connection parameter used by modules within the cisco.ios collection for managing Cisco IOS devices?
A-12 ios_version

Q-13 Which of the following Ansible versions is cisco.ios module likely to be compatible with?


Note: This can be a hypothetical answer; the actual version compatibility would need to be checked in the Modules & Plugins Index.


a. Ansible 1.5

b. Ansible 2.8

c. Ansible 3.1

d. Ansible 4.0

A-13 Ansible 2.8

Q-14 You're planning to deploy an application on AWS and need to set up ec2 instances using Ansible. 
Which module is primarily used for managing ec2 instances?


a. aws_instance

b. aws_ec2_config

c. ec2_instance

d. aws_setup

A-14 ec2_instance





